Update CHANGELOG to clarify minimum Ruby version (#468)
alphagov/tech-docs-gem: CHANGELOG.md

## 6.0.1

> - Update version of `openapi3_parser` allowing support for Ruby 4.0. This requires Ruby 3.3+.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update version of `openapi3_parser` allowing support for Ruby 4.0. 
> Note: 
> openapi3_parser ~> 0.10.1 has a delcares a depndancy on commonmarker >= 1.0  
> commonmarker >= 1.0 declares required_rubygems_version >= 3.3.22
> If you are using an older ruby verion this may cause issues in your environment.  We recommend upgrading to a version >= 3.2
```

Author: Thanks.  I've updated this.
